Provide PHP session handler via Redis (#440)
humanmade/altis-cloud: docs/sessions.md

# Sessions

Altis includes support for PHP sessions using Redis as the storage backend. In order to activate PHP sessions support you need to have Redis activated as well, eg:

```json
{
	"extra": {
		"altis": {
			"modules": {
				"cloud": {
					"redis": true
				}
			}
		}
	}
}
```

> Worth noting is that the cookie name is `altis_session`, rather than the default `PHPSESSID`.

Reviewer: There's a general pattern in the docs like `**Note:** ...` that we could use here, for consistency.

```suggestion
**Note:** The cookie name is `altis_session`, rather than the default `PHPSESSID` in order to bypass CloudFront page caching.
```
